aff, indic, pretIngr
aff, indic, pretEgr
aff, indic, pretDubit
aff, indic, plusPerf
aff, indic, presProgr
aff, indic, presIngrA
aff, indic, presIngrB
aff, indic, aorProgr
aff, indic, aorIngr
aff, indic, futProgr
aff, indic, futPerf
aff, gerund, imperfPret
aff, gerund, imperfPres
[, "mììc'-, fééttsí-nì"],
aff, gerund, imperfFut
[, "érrə̀-, féérə̀"],
aff, subj, prog
aff, subj, fut
aff, irreal, pret
aff, potential, pretPerf
aff, potential, aorHab
aff, potential, futPunct
aff, desid, pretPerf
aff, desid, aorHab
aff, desid, futPunct
neg, indic, pretDubit
neg, indic, plusPerf
neg, indic, presProgr
neg, indic, presIngrA
neg, indic, presIngrB
neg, indic, aorHab
neg, indic, aorProgr
neg, indic, aorIngr
neg, indic, futProgr
neg, indic, futPerf
neg, conj, cond
neg, subj, prog
neg, subj, fut
neg, command, imprtv
neg, irreal, pret
neg, potential, pretPerf
neg, potential, aorHab
neg, desid, pretPerf
neg, desid, aorHab
neg, infinitive
[, , "am-, k'az-ó"],

